It's For The Kids, Duder!
Our team of duders are on a mission to save kids through the vigorous playing of video games, and we need your help.

On November 2nd 2013, we'll be participating in Extra Life 2013, an annual attempt to play video games for 24 25 hours straight, and it's our hope that you'll support us with a donation that will go directly to that team member's chosen hospital.

Each of us has chosen our local Children's Miracle Network Hospital where thousands of children are treated each year, regardless of their family's ability to pay. These kids are facing scary stuff like cancer, cystic fibrosis, and injuries from accidents to name just a few.

Your donation is tax-deductible and ALL PROCEEDS go to help kids.

Last year the GiantBomb team raised $27,601.44 and we're hoping we can top that this year. SO PLEASE GIVE GENEROUSLY.

Using This Site
This site is your one-stop shop to see all of the Extra Life 2013 action on display by the Giant Bomb community. Here's a quick run down of what you'll find:

BROWSE! - We've got a complete and constantly refreshing index of all of the live streams being put on by Giant Bomb members. You'll see indicators for which players are LIVE and what they're doing.
WATCH! - Find a stream you want to watch? Just click the 1, 2, or 3 button to move that stream into one of the slots at the top of the page. Use the Page Layout drop down menu to adjust how many streams you're viewing.
CHAT! - At the top of the page you'll find an IRC client that makes it easy for you to chat with all of the Extra Life participants and viewers. You can also use the 1, 2, 3 tabs to view the Twitch chats for the streams you're watching! (IRC Tips: Click a user's name to message them. Click the options menu in the top left to get a user list.)
DONATE! - Found a stream you're enjoying? Every user in the index has a direct link to their Extra Life profile page so that you can donate to encourage them to continue being awesome, and all of that money goes to help kids around the globe. You'll also find a bunch of other donate links scattered around to make it easy for you to quickly jump in and give.
SHARE! - Encourage your friends and family to get in on the action. Reach out to them on  Twitter,  Facebook, and your other favorite social networks!